readme.md, before:

# Neovim configurations

Neovim plugins and configurations in order to have a good development environment
for several languages. I've used this configurations mostly for Python and Javascript/Web stuff.

This comes with a few themes as well. Highly recomend iceberb, onedark, dracula and gruvbox.

init.vim is entry point for configurations.
general/settings.vim holds the main general settings to turn neovim/vim a basic code editor.
keys/mappings.vim holds a few key mappings.
Folder /plug-config holds specific plugin configurations.
Folder /themes holds specific theme configurations.
File /vim-plug/plugins.vim to add or remove plugins.

Added a file called dependencies.sh in order to install other external stuff needed. Looks
like Neovim got some kind of bug to copy texts to system clipboard. In order to fix that, we
have to install xclip from apt-get.

For Icons to appear on it is needed to install fonts on the system.
Just follou the instruction [here](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts#font-installation)

Commit message:

Adding haxe support and other stuff

readme.md, after:

# Neovim configurations

Neovim plugins and configurations in order to have a good development environment
for several languages. I've used this configurations mostly for Python and Javascript/Web stuff.

This comes with a few themes as well. Highly recomend iceberb, onedark, dracula and gruvbox.

init.vim is entry point for configurations.
general/settings.vim holds the main general settings to turn neovim/vim a basic code editor.
keys/mappings.vim holds a few key mappings.
Folder /plug-config holds specific plugin configurations.
Folder /themes holds specific theme configurations.
File /vim-plug/plugins.vim to add or remove plugins.

Added a file called dependencies.sh in order to install other external stuff needed. Looks
like Neovim got some kind of bug to copy texts to system clipboard. In order to fix that, we
have to install xclip from apt-get (if is not already installed).

For Icons to appear on it is needed to install fonts on the system.
Just follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts#font-installation)
After that you should change the terminal font to any kind of nerd font.

For Haxe language, change the server address on coc-settings.json file.
